Create the Boa v0.17 release post (#94)
boa-dev/boa-dev.github.io: posts/2023-XX-YY-boa-release-17.md

let rs_regexp: JsRegExp = res.try_js_into(context).unwrap();

let test_result = rs_regexp.test("hello@domain", context)?;
assert!(test_result);
```

Moreover, you can derive `TryFromJs` for any Rust structure, and in the case that you want to manually convert some of the struct attributes, you can override it:

```rust
/// Converts the value lossly
fn lossy_conversion(value: &JsValue, _context: &mut Context) -> JsResult<i16> {
    match value {
        JsValue::Rational(r) => Ok(r.round() as i16),
        JsValue::Integer(i) => Ok(*i as i16),
        _ => Err(JsNativeError::typ()
            .with_message("cannot convert value to an i16")
            .into()),
    }
}

#[derive(Debug, TryFromJs)]
struct TestStruct {
    inner: bool,
    hello: String,
    // You can override the conversion of an attribute.
    #[boa(from_js_with = "lossy_conversion")]
    my_float: i16,
}

let js_str = r#"
let x = {
    inner: false,
    hello: "World",
    my_float: 2.9,
};
x;
"#;
let js = Source::from_bytes(js_str);

let mut context = Context::default();
let res = context.eval(js).unwrap();

let str = TestStruct::try_from_js(&res, &mut context)
    .unwrap();

> 

Author: I took this example from the examples directory, but it seems too long. Maybe we should reduce it, or just link it, what do you think?

Reviewer: I slightly reduce TryFromJs example in the latest commit, IMO it's not too big.

disabled to reduce Boa's binary size.

[402]: https://tc39.es/ecma402/
[collator]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Collator
[list]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/ListFormat
[locale]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Collator
[segmenter]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Intl/Segmenter
[provider]: https://boajs.dev/boa/doc/boa_engine/context/enum.BoaProvider.html
[ctx_provider]: https://boajs.dev/boa/doc/boa_engine/context/struct.ContextBuilder.html#method.icu_provider
[data]: https://github.com/unicode-org/icu4x/blob/main/docs/tutorials/data_management.md#data-management-in-icu4x
[`icu4x`]: https://github.com/unicode-org/icu4x

#### `WeakRef`, `WeakSet` and `WeakMap`

We've implemented support for weak references to garbage collected objects. This allowed us to
implement some builtins like [`WeakRef`][wr], [`WeakSet`][ws] and [`WeakMap`][wm]. Note that the
garbage collection algorithm is always subject to future optimizations and modifications, so it is

> best to avoid using them if possible.

Author: This seems to imply that `WeakRef`, `WeakSet` and `WeakMap` shouldn't be used by JavaScript users. Is this the case?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that is the suggestion from [Mozilla's docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WeakRef#avoid_where_possible)

> Correct use of WeakRef takes careful thought, and it's best avoided if possible.

Author: I would reword this, since the current explanation seems to imply that the reason is potential future incompatibility with some optimizations, but Mozilla seems to imply that this is due to the complexity associated with using these types.

## Highlights

### Optimizations

#### Constant folding optimization

Constant folding expression is a powerful compiler optimization technique that significantly enhances the efficiency and performance of compiled programs. This optimization, now incorporated in the latest release, aims to reduce runtime overhead by evaluating constant expressions at compile-time.

With constant folding expression optimization, the compiler analyzes expressions involving constants and replaces them with their computed results. This process allows the compiler to transform arithmetic operations, comparisons, and logical expressions into simplified forms, removing unnecessary runtime computations. By eliminating these computations, the optimized program benefits from reduced execution time and improved overall performance.

#### Object Shapes (Hidden classes)

Hidden classes (in boa called "shapes" to avoid confusion with JavaScript classes) is an optimization technique that aims to improve the performance of dynamically-typed programming languages. This optimization works by analyzing the patterns of object creation and dynamically generating hidden classes to represent similar object structures.

> In dynamically-typed languages, objects are usually a bag of properties (key and value pairs) that are modified at runtime, which can lead to inefficiencies in terms of memory usage. Hidden classes optimization addresses this by organizing object structures more efficiently, reducing memory overhead, it also unlocks the posability for other optimizations, such as inline caching, which optimizes property access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In dynamically-typed languages, objects are usually a bag of properties (key and value pairs) that are modified at runtime, which can lead to inefficiencies in terms of memory usage. Hidden classes optimization addresses this by organizing object structures more efficiently, reducing memory overhead, it also unlocks the possibility for other optimizations, such as inline caching, which optimizes property access.
```

Also, I think this should first explain what exactly is hidden classes, then explain the upsides of it:
>  Hidden classes are an alternative way to structure objects that \<how hidden classes work\>. With this, objects are stored more efficiently, \<rest of the upsides\>.

> The shapes create a trasition tree, where the trasitions are property and prototype changes starting from the root shape (no properties, no prototype).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The shapes create a transition tree, where the transitions are property and prototype changes starting from the root shape (no properties, no prototype).
```

```JavaScript
let o = {} // Shape 1: prototype `Object.prototype`
o.a = 10   // Shape 2: prototype `Object.prototype` and propeties: 'a'
o.b = 20   // Shape 3: prototype `Object.prototype` and propeties: 'a', 'b'

let o2 = { a: 30; } // Shape 2: prototype `Object.prototype` and propeties: 'a'
o2.d = 50           // Shape 4: prototype `Object.prototype` and propeties: 'a', 'd' -- fork from shape 2
```

When creating objects with the same property names, it's best to create them in the same order, this ensures that the objects share the same shape.

For a more in depth explanation of how shared shapes work in boa see `shapes.md` [here](https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/blob/main/docs/shapes.md).

TO-DO: explain the enhancements of new optimizations (constant folding, inline catching, hidden classes...)

### Debug object

> If you're debugging your JavaScript code with the Boa CLI interface, you can use the new `$boa` object. If you want to use it,

Reviewer 3: This should probably begin a bit more assertive.
```suggestion
The `$boa` debug object has been implemented for convenient JavaScript debugging using Boa's CLI interface. If you want to use it,
```

you will need to run the Boa CLI / REPL with the `--debug-object` command line flag.

The `$boa` debug object is divided into modules, so that you can trigger the garbage collection with `$boa.gc.collect()`, or
get the bytecode of a function by running `$boa.function.bytecode(fn_name)`. You can also trace function invocations, handle
compiler optimizations, limits and object shapes.

You can find all the documentation [here][debug_object].

[debug_object]: https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/blob/main/docs/boa_object.md

> ### Modules

Reviewer 3: Should the `Modules` section be moved farther up in the post? It's a pretty big update.

```

TO-DO: explain the new closure APIs, host hooks & job queue APIs, Source API, async functions

[js_promise]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/object/builtins/struct.JsPromise.html
[js_regexp]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/object/builtins/struct.JsRegExp.html
[js_generator]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/object/builtins/struct.JsGenerator.html
[js_date]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/object/builtins/struct.JsDate.html
[js_data_view]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/object/builtins/struct.JsDataView.html
[wrappers]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/object/builtins/index.html
[try_from_js]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/value/trait.TryFromJs.html
[try_js_into]: https://docs.rs/boa_engine/0.17.0/boa_engine/enum.JsValue.html#method.try_js_into

### New Builtins

#### `Intl`

Boa now has internationalization support! Although we are still working on full compliance with the
[`ecma402` specification][402], we have a couple of `Intl` utilities in place:

- [`Intl.Collator`][collator]
- [`Intl.ListFormat`][list]
- [`Intl.Locale`][locale]
- [`Intl.Segmenter`][segmenter]

> However, internationalization data can be pretty expensive at times; the default data included by Boa
> is 10.6 MB in size; which is why we allow customizing the data provider used by the engine with the
> [`ContextBuilder::icu_provider`][ctx_provider] hook. For more information on how to generate custom
> internationalization data, you can check out the [**data management tutorial**][data] from [`icu4x`],
> the internationalization library used in Boa. Shoutout to the `icu4x` team, which are the ones that
> made all of this possible!

Reviewer 3: Small suggestion on the wording here. 😄 
```suggestion
Internationalization data can be pretty expensive at times: the default data included by Boa
is 10.6 MB, which is why we allow customizing the data provider used by the engine with the
[`ContextBuilder::icu_provider`][ctx_provider] hook. For more information on how to generate custom
internationalization data, you can check out the [**data management tutorial**][data] from [`icu4x`],
the internationalization library used in Boa. Shoutout to the `icu4x` team, who are the ones that
made all of this possible!
```

Boa's `boa_parser` crate contains a lexer and parser that targets the latest ECMAScript language specification.

#### boa_ast

Boa's `boa_ast` crate contains an ECMAScript abstract syntax tree implementation of Declaration, Statement, and Expression Parse Nodes.

#### boa_runtime

Boa's `boa_runtime` crate contains an example runtime along with basic runtime features and functionality for runtime implementors. Note: this crate will contain any WEB API feature implementations or APIs that are not
designated by the ECMAScript specification.

### Other internal enhancements

There have also been a various number of other internal enhancements made.

#### Split Node into Statement / Declaration / Expression

In the last release, Boa's AST used a `Node` enum to represent both the `Statement`, `Declaration` and `Expression` parse nodes. One of the large internal improvements made for this release was to split `Node` into `Statement`, `Declaration`, and `Expression` nodes. This refactor involved not only large changes to the AST but also further changes to the bytecompiler and parser. The split also brings us closer in line with the ECMAScript specification.

#### UTF-16 strings

> With this release, Boa's `JsString`s are now implemented as utf-16 encoded strings. Along with the new `JsString`, there are two provided macros: `js_string!` for creating a new `JsString` from a `&str`, and `utf16` for creating a utf-16 array literal from a `&str`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
With this release, Boa's `JsString`s are now implemented as utf-16 encoded strings. Along with the new `JsString`, there are two provided macros: `js_string!` for creating a new `JsString` from a `&str`, and `utf16!` for creating a utf-16 array literal from a `&str`.
```
This refers to a macro, right?

[boajs]: https://boajs.dev

## Highlights

### Modules

Boa finally has a module system! This implementation tries to closely follow ECMAScript's [**Modules**][modules]
specification which includes some useful hooks to customize module loading, making it possible to load modules from
several sources, fetch modules from an URL and even asynchronously load and parse them to avoid blocking execution; see
the [`ModuleLoader`][mod_loader] for more information.

We also implemented a simple loader the default module loader, which should fulfill most of the simpler use cases:

```rust
let loader = &SimpleModuleLoader::new(Path::new(".")).unwrap();
let dyn_loader: &dyn ModuleLoader = loader;
let mut context = &mut Context::builder().module_loader(dyn_loader).build().unwrap();

let source = Source::from_bytes("1 + 3");

let module = Module::parse(source, None, context).unwrap();

loader.insert(Path::new("main.mjs").to_path_buf(), module.clone());

let promise = module.load_link_evaluate(context).unwrap();

context.run_jobs();

assert_eq!(promise.state().unwrap(), PromiseState::Fulfilled(JsValue::undefined()));

> ```

Reviewer 5: I think this will need some comments
